@uppy/aws-s3-multipart: refactor rate limiting approach (#4187)
transloadit/uppy: website/src/docs/aws-s3-multipart.md

### `limit: 6`

The maximum amount of chunks to upload simultaneously. You should set the limit carefully. Setting it to a value too high could cause issues where the presigned URLs begin to expire before the chunks they are for start uploading. Too low and you will end up with a lot of extra round trips to your server (or Companion) than necessary to presign URLs. If the default chunk size of 5MB is used, a `limit` between 5 and 6 is recommended.

Because HTTP/1.1 limits the number of concurrent requests to one origin to 6, it’s recommended to always set a limit of 6 or smaller for all your uploads, or to not override the default.

> For example, with a 50MB file and a `limit` of 5 we end up with 10 chunks. 1 of these are presigned in one batch, then 1, then 1, etc. for a total of 10 round trips to the server via [`signPart()`][] plus one request through `createMultipartUpload` and one through `sendCompletionRequest` and 10 requests sent to AWS via the presigned URLs generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, with a 50MB file and a `limit` of 5 we end up with 10 chunks. This means there will be 22 requests in total if you don't count the preflight (`OPTIONS`) requests: 1 creation request, 10 for signing parts, 10 for uploading the parts, and 1 to mark the upload as finished. 
```

Author: I don't know if we should keep this explanation at all if the goal is to remove that to use WebSocket in the future

Reviewer: I don't think we reached consensus on the websocket idea yet. Let's not commit the docs to future plans that aren't certain yet

Author: I'm not saying we should commit to future plan, I'm saying maybe we are saying too much here and we could say less, no matter if WebSocket idea goes somewhere or not. If WebSocket thingy does become reality though, that sentence will be false, which is another reason to rethink that paragraph as it's not in our interest if users have wrong assumptions (also is it really useful for users to know how many requests are sent?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### `prepareUploadParts(file, partData)`

> > This option is deprecated. Use [`signPart()`][] instead.

Reviewer: I think it might be good to keep `prepareUploadParts` as is without this `signPart` notice. For now, we are focusing on the quickfix. Later we should properly rethink this plugin and we don't want to prematurely commit to an API that we may want to change/break. 

Instead, we should put some explanation here why the API currently feels off. Such as why it's plural while we actually only do one part, in an array.

{
  "presignedUrls": {
    "1": "https://bucket.region.amazonaws.com/path/to/file.jpg?partNumber=1&...",
  },
  "headers": { 
    "1": { "Content-MD5": "foo" },
  }
}
```

> ### `signPart(file, partData)`

Reviewer: See other comment

Author: Do you mean we should not document `signPart`?

Reviewer: https://github.com/transloadit/uppy/pull/4187#discussion_r1016929583

I think we should not make this API publicly known because then we are stuck with it. This is a quickfix, not a rethink of the API. That comes in the next stage.
